Link#1 - To revise and practice real time POCs
http://www.datascience-labs.com/pig/stock-exchange-queries/

Link#2 - Hive: Difference b/w SORT BY, ORDER BY, DISTRIBUTE BY & CLUSTER BY
http://saurzcode.in/2015/01/hive-sort-vs-order-vs-distribute-vs-cluster/

Link#3 BLOG: having Interview question and answers
http://myhadoopguide.blogspot.dk/

Link#4 Hadoop  Interview question and answers

http://www.bigdatainterviewquestions.com/hadoop-interview-questions/

Link#5 Hadoop - Just the basics for BIG Data rookies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYnS9PQRXTg

Link 6: Hive bucketed-tables-and-sampling
http://thriveschool.blogspot.in/2013/11/hive-bucketed-tables-and-sampling.html

Link 7:  Loading data to Hive
http://thriveschool.blogspot.in/2013/11/loading-data-into-hive-tables.html

Link#8: Complete book for Hive (O'Reilly) - PDF in below link
http://www.reedbushey.com/99Programming%20Hive.pdf

Link#9: Mapreduce Basic Theory

http://dailyhadoopsoup.blogspot.dk/2014/01/shuffle-and-sort.html

Link#10: Nice explanation on mapreduce inputs and splitting
http://dailyhadoopsoup.blogspot.dk/2014/02/mapreduce-inputs-and-splitting.html

Link#11: Nice interview question and answers in this blog
http://hadoopinterviews.com/category/hadoop-interview-questions/

Link#12 (2 links below) - Master yourself in PIG with these below links
1. Introduction to Pig:
http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1234000001811/ch05.html

2. Advanced PIG Latin
http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1234000001811/ch06.html

Link#13 interesting PIG FAQs
https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/PIG/FAQ#FAQ-Q:HowcanIpassaspecifichadoopconfigurationparametertoPig?

Link 14: Basic Mapreduce code in java link
https://github.com/rathboma/hadoop-framework-examples/tree/master/java-mapreduce/src/main/java/com/matthewrathbone/example

Link#15: Tableau connection to Hive Hartonworks sandbox
http://hortonworks.com/kb/how-to-connect-tableau-to-hortonworks-sandbox/

Link 16: Kill/purge hadoop Jobs which are in running state.

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11458519/how-to-kill-hadoop-jobs

Link# 17 (6 links exploring Incremental updates, HCatalog & JSON formats)
Incremental updates:
http://toodey.com/2015/07/20/what-is-hcatalog-in-hadoop-in-hive-in-pig-in-map-reduce/

Hcatalog:
http://hortonworks.com/hadoop/hcatalog/
http://hortonworks.com/hadoop-tutorial/how-to-use-hcatalog-basic-pig-hive-commands/
http://toodey.com/2015/07/20/what-is-hcatalog-in-hadoop-in-hive-in-pig-in-map-reduce/

Working with JSON format:
https://github.com/alexholmes/json-mapreduce#an-inputformat-to-work-with-splittable-multi-line-json
Querying JSON records in HIVE: 
http://thornydev.blogspot.dk/2013/07/querying-json-records-via-hive.html


Link#18: (Video) HUE - Preparing the JSON data for analysis with PIG and PIG UDF
https://vimeo.com/73849021


Youtuber

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCakdSIPsJqiOLqylgoYmwQg

https://www.itversity.com/